have you ever heard a story and thought
no way is that actually possible well
some people have lived through the most
impossible and extreme situation that
it's kind of hard to wrap your head
around it take for instance the story of
Jeanne Hilliard this nineteen year old
woman was found frozen solid and get
this she managed to survive it all
started when Hilliard lost control of
her car while driving home late one
night the car wouldn't start after the
accident so she decided to walk to the
closest person she knew who lived about
two miles away but since it was the dead
of winter in sub-zero Minnesota
temperatures she collapsed before she
could reach his door she only missed it
by 15 feet the homeowner found Hilliard
frozen solid the next morning and rushed
her to the hospital her skin was
completely frozen her eyes weren't
reacting to any light but she was alive
her pulse was only 12 beats per minute
and her body temperature was just 88
degrees Fahrenheit
remember 98.6 degrees is where it should
be since the doctors couldn't put an IV
through her frozen skin they wrapped her
up in an electric heating pad and waited
anxiously for her to come to the doctor
who managed to revive her was stunned
that the girl didn't have any brain
damage and was able to keep all her
limbs although she did lose a few toes
to frostbite Hilliard's recovery has
been dubbed a medical miracle which is
probably accurate but still it's also
proof that our bodies are built for
survival you see in the extreme
circumstances of sub-zero temperatures
the human body will slow down all
internal activities like heart rate and
breathing to stay alive well that's
helpful indeed but there are plenty of
other situations where the body defies
all odds and expectations like the story
of a construction worker in the 1840s
named Phineas Gage when explosives used
to clear the way to build a railroad
went off early a huge iron rod was sent
right through gages head now here's the
weird bit he didn't even seem fazed
by the whole thing he casually chatted
with people who walked past him while
waiting for the doctor to arrive can you
imagine like oh hey Bill yeah I got this
minor inconvenience I gotta go take care
of ya I'm quitting smoking so I won't
need this pipe anymore I get it
pipe anyway gage then developed a brain
infection that had him close to death
what looks like he wasn't ready to go he
made a full recovery and only lost the
use of his left eye and part of his
brain he could still live a normal life
go back to work and do all the
day-to-day activities he used to even
with a piece of his brain missing now I
know what you're thinking how is it
possible to lose part of your brain and
not have anything wrong with you well
here's where it gets even more bizarre
gage might have just kept going on with
his life but anyone who knew him before
the accident said he changed into a
completely different person
medical experts explained that this was
likely due to the fact that the piece of
his brain that was damaged is where our
personalities are stored yeah who would
have thought another man had an
interesting story to tell after what
should have been a typical mundane day
at the office he'd come in on a Saturday
to catch up on some work he later got
into the elevator and rode down to the
first floor again nothing out of the
ordinary but when the elevators stopped
in the first floor the man heard a
strange sound he said it was like metal
clanging way up above it he then had to
make a quick decision when the doors
started open either stay where he was or
jump out of the elevator good thing he
decided to jump because at that moment a
large steel board came crashing down to
the bottom of the shaft with a massive
smash the doors then simply closed as if
nothing had happened as for why this
huge metal thing almost came crashing
down on this poor guy just pulling some
overtime well that was because the
maintenance crew that had been repairing
the old elevator that week had forgotten
to fasten a panel which caused it to
come loose
the next story is about a few friends
who are all relaxing in a hammock hey
that's just usually how these things
start a typical day with nothing out of
the ordinary anyway
well the friends were lying there making
small talk the weather took a turn and
it got windy they heard the branches
crackling above and even joked about how
crazy it'd be if one of them broke off
and came crashing down on the hammock
now that's some disturbing a little
while later the wind got worse and the
branches started to move a lot well they
decided to call it a night and go inside
only a few seconds after they went back
in the house a huge branch snapped and
fell on the hammock in the exact spot
where they would have been lying would
they have lost their lives or just been
seriously injured it's hard to say but
luckily they got out of there just in
time to never find out the answer to
that question a man named Chris Gorski
decided to do something new and
adventurous while he was on vacation in
Switzerland naturally he thought hang
gliding sounded like a great idea
he was excited for this adrenalin rush
and it was exactly that which probably
ended up saving his life you see the
pilot didn't strap Gursky properly to
the glider the man did fall but he
grabbed onto the pole and the pilot
shoulder just in time to catch himself
Gursky had to hold on for dear life with
all of his strength for a whole three
minutes before the pilot could attempt
to land safely
three minutes might not sound like much
but it's an eternity when your fingers
are supporting all your body weight
Kirksey walked away from this terrifying
situation with just a broken wrist a
torn bicep and more importantly his life
intact
you know everyone always says it's good
to be adventurous and try new things but
stories like these make me really
appreciate the couch potato lifestyle
have you ever heard the saying lightning
doesn't strike the same place twice I
guess it's still true but nobody said
anything about its striking the same
person twice or even seven times yep
that's right a man has been struck by
lightning seven different times and he
lived to tell the tale whoo-hoo shocking
Roy Sullivan has even been placed in the
Guinness Book of World Records for his
strange attraction for lightning each
time he was struck
he gained a different injury from the
most minor like lost eyebrows to severe
burns talk about being in the wrong
place at the wrong time seven times
maybe he shouldn't leave his house
anymore and if you've never seen the
movie touching the void and get ready
for spoilers well not really because I'm
not talking about the movie itself but
the real event it was based on a man
named Joe Simpson and his friend Simon
Yates were climbing in the Peruvian
Andes something went horribly wrong and
Simpson broke his leg Yates tried to
lower his buddy down from the mountain
with a rope as far as he could but he
ended up having to cut the rope to save
himself or oculus Li Simpson landed on a
Ledge with only the one broken leg he
then thought for sure that this is the
place where he'd take his last breath
but he then did something remarkable he
crawled six miles to get back to base
camp
it took him four days to make the
journey he wrote a book about his
experience and that then became the 2003
movie come to think of it all these
stories would make incredible films some
of them might seem rather impossible but
I assure you that they're all true and
that there are millions of others out
there that are probably even more
bizarre than these if you know any other
incredible stories of survival leave
them down in the comments and don't
forget to give this video a like share
it with your friends and click that
subscribe button to stay on the bright
side of life